Carl Sagan Ipsum

Galaxies globular star cluster decipherment white dwarf finite but unbounded circumnavigated. Cosmic ocean Cambrian explosion the sky calls to us cosmic ocean stirred by starlight dream of the mind's eye. Invent the universe extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence dispassionate extraterrestrial observer hearts of the stars hundreds of thousands kindling the energy hidden in matter. With pretty stories for which there's little good evidence vastness is bearable only through love vastness is bearable only through love bits of moving fluff hundreds of thousands two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are softly dancing.

Quasar a still more glorious dawn awaits Apollonius of Perga paroxysm of global death Orion's sword worldlets. Citizens of distant epochs circumnavigated colonies concept of the number one astonishment trillion. Invent the universe two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are softly dancing vanquish the impossible the only home we've ever known the carbon in our apple pies the ash of stellar alchemy? Gathered by gravity courage of our questions great turbulent clouds something incredible is waiting to be known inconspicuous motes of rock and gas two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are softly dancing.

Another world corpus callosum science made in the interiors of collapsing stars Cambrian explosion radio telescope. Tendrils of gossamer clouds across the centuries Orion's sword finite but unbounded courage of our questions globular star cluster? Rig Veda descended from astronomers star stuff harvesting star light something incredible is waiting to be known star stuff harvesting star light kindling the energy hidden in matter. Rich in heavy atoms vanquish the impossible a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena intelligent beings the sky calls to us network of wormholes.

Vastness is bearable only through love Euclid hearts of the stars billions upon billions of brilliant syntheses invent the universe. Are creatures of the cosmos vanquish the impossible take root and flourish two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are softly dancing the ash of stellar alchemy a billion trillion. Descended from astronomers the sky calls to us descended from astronomers two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are softly dancing a still more glorious dawn awaits network of wormholes.

A very small stage in a vast cosmic arena extraplanetary made in the interiors of collapsing stars science globular star cluster stirred by starlight. Invent the universe Orion's sword permanence of the stars tingling of the spine dream of the mind's eye Orion's sword. Citizens of distant epochs inconspicuous motes of rock and gas inconspicuous motes of rock and gas kindling the energy hidden in matter a still more glorious dawn awaits brain is the seed of intelligence and billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions.